<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang="en-US" xml:lang="en-US" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
	<head>
		<title>AC200523_Coding_Self-Test</title>
		<link href="../css/idGeneratedStyles_0.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />
		<link href="../css/idGeneratedStyles_29.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />
	</head>
	<body id="AC200523_Coding_Self-Test">
		<div id="_idContainer2833" class="Basic-Text-Frame">
			<span id="page745" role="doc-pagebreak" epub:type="pagebreak" aria-label="page 745"></span>
			<p class="Chap-title"><span class="CharOverride-1">Coding Self-Test</span></p>
			<p class="Para_FL ParaOverride-1">Assign the appropriate ICD-10-CM and ICD-10-PCS codes (include procedure codes, external cause codes, and Z codes, where applicable) to the following:</p>
			<p class="exer-long-NL-first"><span class="bullet _idGenCharOverride-1">&#9;1.</span>&#9;Abnormal partial thromboplastin time (PTT) and abnormal prothrombin time (PT), cause to be determined</p>
			<p class="exer-long-NL-mid"><span class="bullet _idGenCharOverride-1">&#9;2.</span>&#9;Peptic ulcer of the lesser curvature of the stomach, chronic, with hemorrhage; esophagogastroduodenoscopy (EGD) with closed biopsy of stomach</p>
			<p class="exer-long-NL-mid"><span class="bullet _idGenCharOverride-1">&#9;3.</span>&#9;Adenocarcinoma of descending colon with extension to mesenteric lymph nodes; permanent descending colon colostomy, open procedure with colostomy brought to the skin level</p>
			<p class="exer-long-NL-mid"><span class="bullet _idGenCharOverride-1">&#9;4.</span>&#9;Chronic kidney disease, ESRD, dependence on renal dialysis; patient received intermittent type hemodialysis, single session that was performed for 4 hours on one day</p>
			<p class="exer-long-NL-mid"><span class="bullet _idGenCharOverride-1">&#9;5.</span>&#9;Encounter for complete elective abortion at eight weeks, due to maternal rubella (no longer active virus), with suspected damage to fetus affecting management of pregnancy; abortion by laminaria</p>
			<p class="exer-long-NL-mid"><span class="bullet _idGenCharOverride-1">&#9;6.</span>&#9;Rapidly progressive glomerulonephritis with minor glomerular abnormality; percutaneous renal biopsy, right kidney</p>
			<p class="exer-long-NL-mid"><span class="bullet _idGenCharOverride-1">&#9;7.</span>&#9;Acute exacerbation of COPD with acute bronchitis</p>
			<p class="exer-long-NL-mid"><span class="bullet _idGenCharOverride-1">&#9;8.</span>&#9;Patient with a history of bladder carcinoma seen for a follow-up examination related to his past partial cystectomy treatment; no recurrence found; preprocedure lab results found idiopathic hypercalciuria, cause to be determined. Cystoscopy with biopsy of bladder</p>
			<span id="page746" role="doc-pagebreak" epub:type="pagebreak" aria-label="page 746"></span>
			<p class="exer-long-NL-mid"><span class="bullet _idGenCharOverride-1">&#9;9.</span>&#9;Degenerative joint disease, bilateral knees with left knee most bothersome for the patient. <br />Total knee replacement using oxidized zirconium polyethylene prosthesis cemented, left knee</p>
			<p class="exer-long-NL-mid"><span class="bullet _idGenCharOverride-1">&#9;10.</span>&#9;Partial intestinal obstruction due to adhesions</p>
			<p class="exer-long-NL-mid"><span class="bullet _idGenCharOverride-1">&#9;11.</span>&#9;Contusion of the cerebellum with loss of consciousness for 45 minutes due to motor vehicle accident collision with another vehicle (patient was driving his vehicle) initial encounter</p>
			<p class="exer-long-NL-mid"><span class="bullet _idGenCharOverride-1">&#9;12.</span>&#9;Malignant lymphoma, undifferentiated Burkitt type, Intrathoracic; percutaneous bone marrow biopsy, iliac</p>
			<p class="exer-long-NL-mid"><span class="bullet CharOverride-2">&#9;13.</span>&#9;Right heel ulcer with gangrene of skin and necrosis of muscle due to uncontrolled type 2 diabetes with hyperglycemia</p>
			<p class="exer-long-NL-mid"><span class="bullet _idGenCharOverride-1">&#9;14.</span>&#9;Recurrence of Clostridium difficile enterocolitis infection</p>
			<p class="exer-long-NL-mid"><span class="bullet CharOverride-2">&#9;15.</span>&#9;Group 2 pulmonary hypertension, due to left heart disease, that is, rheumatic mitral valve stenosis</p>
			<p class="exer-long-NL-mid"><span class="bullet _idGenCharOverride-1">&#9;16.</span>&#9;Coronary artery disease in previous autologous vein bypass grafts in the left anterior descending, left circumflex, and right posterior descending arteries. Procedures performed are coronary artery bypass grafts with double (left and right) internal mammary bypass to the left anterior descending and the left circumflex, and a single aortocoronary bypass to the right posterior descending artery using saphenous vein graft, left leg, harvested under an open approach with cardiopulmonary bypass.</p>
			<p class="exer-long-NL-mid"><span class="bullet _idGenCharOverride-1">&#9;17.</span>&#9;Postprocedural stricture of urethra with urinary retention; cystoscopic release of urethral stricture (female patient)</p>
			<p class="exer-long-NL-mid"><span class="bullet _idGenCharOverride-1">&#9;18.</span>&#9;Hypertensive heart and kidney disease with chronic kidney disease, stage 3; elevated lipoprotein(a) level</p>
			<p class="exer-long-NL-mid"><span class="bullet _idGenCharOverride-1">&#9;19.</span>&#9;Inflamed seborrheic keratosis, multiple lesions, of right face; cryotherapy of multiple (3) lesions on right temple</p>
			<p class="exer-long-NL-mid"><span class="bullet _idGenCharOverride-1">&#9;20.</span>&#9;Secondary thrombocytopenia due to hypersplenism; total splenectomy, open</p>
			<p class="exer-long-NL-mid"><span class="bullet _idGenCharOverride-1">&#9;21.</span>&#9;Iron deficiency anemia due to chronic blood loss</p>
			<p class="exer-long-NL-mid"><span class="bullet _idGenCharOverride-1">&#9;22.</span>&#9;Pneumonia due to <span class="CharOverride-3">Staphylococcus aureus</span>; Fiberoptic bronchoscopy, tracheobronchial tree</p>
			<span id="page747" role="doc-pagebreak" epub:type="pagebreak" aria-label="page 747"></span>
			<p class="exer-long-NL-mid"><span class="bullet _idGenCharOverride-1">&#9;23.</span>&#9;Type 1 diabetes with ketoacidosis and coma with long term use of insulin for control</p>
			<p class="exer-long-NL-mid"><span class="bullet _idGenCharOverride-1">&#9;24.</span>&#9;Pregnancy, preterm labor with preterm delivery at 35 weeks, single liveborn infant; postpartum fever of unknown origin; patient with known continuous marijuana drug dependence; spontaneous vaginal delivery</p>
			<p class="exer-long-NL-mid"><span class="bullet _idGenCharOverride-1">&#9;25.</span>&#9;Lyme disease with associated arthritis</p>
			<p class="exer-long-NL-mid"><span class="bullet _idGenCharOverride-1">&#9;26.</span>&#9;Infiltrating duct breast carcinoma, right upper outer quadrant, with metastases to bone <br />(female patient.) Lump in left breast, in overlapping quadrants</p>
			<p class="exer-long-NL-mid"><span class="bullet _idGenCharOverride-1">&#9;27.</span>&#9;Newborn twin, male, delivered by cesarean delivery (in hospital) with syndrome of infant of diabetic mother and neonatal hypomagnesemia</p>
			<p class="exer-long-NL-mid"><span class="bullet _idGenCharOverride-1">&#9;28.</span>&#9;Obstructive hydrocephalus; cerebral ventricle to atrium shunt using synthetic substitute by open approach</p>
			<p class="exer-long-NL-mid"><span class="bullet _idGenCharOverride-1">&#9;29.</span>&#9;Chlamydial vaginitis</p>
			<p class="exer-long-NL-mid"><span class="bullet _idGenCharOverride-1">&#9;30.</span>&#9;Traumatic arthritis of left wrist secondary to old fracture-dislocation of lower end of radius, left</p>
			<p class="exer-long-NL-mid"><span class="bullet _idGenCharOverride-1">&#9;31.</span>&#9;Moderate mental retardation as the sequela of acute bacterial meningitis 10 years ago</p>
			<p class="exer-long-NL-mid"><span class="bullet _idGenCharOverride-1">&#9;32.</span>&#9;Gunshot wound of chest with massive intrathoracic injury to right lung with laceration; shot by another person with a handgun who was charged with attempted homicide; injury occurred on a local residential street; patient died during an exploratory thoracotomy to examine right lung</p>
			<p class="exer-long-NL-mid"><span class="bullet _idGenCharOverride-1">&#9;33.</span>&#9;Ovarian retention cyst; laparoscopic partial oophorectomy, right side</p>
			<p class="exer-long-NL-mid"><span class="bullet _idGenCharOverride-1">&#9;34.</span>&#9;Paranoid schizophrenia; cannabis dependence with withdrawal</p>
			<p class="exer-long-NL-mid"><span class="bullet _idGenCharOverride-1">&#9;35.</span>&#9;Internal derangement of lateral meniscus, old tear, posterior horn, right knee; right knee arthroscopic meniscectomy</p>
			<p class="exer-long-NL-mid"><span class="bullet _idGenCharOverride-1">&#9;36.</span>&#9;Parkinsonism secondary to haloperidol neuroleptic drug therapy, initial encounter; drug was discontinued at the conclusion of this encounter. The patient had been taking the drug as directed by her physician.</p>
			<p class="exer-long-NL-mid"><span class="bullet _idGenCharOverride-1">&#9;37.</span>&#9;Organic brain syndrome due to cerebral arteriosclerosis</p>
			<span id="page748" role="doc-pagebreak" epub:type="pagebreak" aria-label="page 748"></span>
			<p class="exer-long-NL-mid"><span class="bullet _idGenCharOverride-1">&#9;38.</span>&#9;Chronic hidradenitis suppurative, subcutaneous tissue, right axilla; two procedures are performed: wide excision of hidradenitis of right axilla and partial-thickness skin graft. Patient’s own skin excised and grafted from patient’s back to right axilla.</p>
			<p class="exer-long-NL-mid"><span class="bullet _idGenCharOverride-1">&#9;39.</span>&#9;Postpartum abscess of breast; postnatal depression; (Patient discharged five days ago following spontaneous delivery of live newborn son)</p>
			<p class="exer-long-NL-mid"><span class="bullet CharOverride-2">&#9;40.</span>&#9;Pituitary-dependent Cushing’s syndrome; screening for depression also occurred during this visit</p>
			<p class="exer-long-NL-mid"><span class="bullet _idGenCharOverride-1">&#9;41.</span>&#9;Ingestion of 30 doxepin (Sinequan) [Doxepin is a tricyclic antidepressant drug] tablets resulting in an overdose, determined to be a suicide attempt; tachycardia, initial episode of care</p>
			<p class="exer-long-NL-mid"><span class="bullet _idGenCharOverride-1">&#9;42.</span>&#9;Fracture, right shoulder, humerus upper end (head), as the result of a fall from a chair she was standing on to reach a high shelf, occurred at her single-family residence, in her kitchen while cooking. The procedure performed was a closed reduction of the right humeral head. This was the initial episode of care. Patient is retired.</p>
			<p class="exer-long-NL-mid"><span class="bullet _idGenCharOverride-1">&#9;43.</span>&#9;Unexplained dizziness; fainting; personal history of falls</p>
			<p class="exer-long-NL-mid"><span class="bullet _idGenCharOverride-1">&#9;44.</span>&#9;Congenital hypertrophic pyloric stenosis in a four-week-old infant, corrected by open pyloromyotomy when the physician made an anterior incision in the muscle of the pylorus to restore it to its normal function and allow food to pass from the stomach to the small intestine in a four-week-old infant</p>
			<p class="exer-long-NL-mid"><span class="bullet _idGenCharOverride-1">&#9;45.</span>&#9;Third-degree burn of chest and second-degree burn of right leg, initial encounter</p>
			<p class="exer-long-NL-mid"><span class="bullet _idGenCharOverride-1">&#9;46.</span>&#9;Newborn delivered in community hospital transferred to university medical center. Code for the infant at the university medical center treated for hypoplastic left heart syndrome.</p>
			<p class="exer-long-NL-mid"><span class="bullet _idGenCharOverride-1">&#9;47.</span>&#9;Positive tuberculin skin test with prior contact or exposure to tuberculosis, no evidence of active disease</p>
			<p class="exer-long-NL-mid"><span class="bullet _idGenCharOverride-1">&#9;48.</span>&#9;Coronary arteriosclerosis of autologous vein bypass grafts with unstable angina; family history of familial combined hyperlipidemia</p>
			<p class="exer-long-NL-mid"><span class="bullet _idGenCharOverride-1">&#9;49.</span>&#9;Heroin poisoning, accidental overdose resulting in acute lung edema; multiple drug dependence including heroin and barbiturates, initial encounter</p>
			<p class="exer-long-NL-mid"><span class="bullet _idGenCharOverride-1">&#9;50.</span>&#9;Acute idiopathic pancreatitis with an additional problem of primary sclerosing cholangitis</p>
			<span id="page749" role="doc-pagebreak" epub:type="pagebreak" aria-label="page 749"></span>
			<p class="exer-long-NL-mid"><span class="bullet _idGenCharOverride-1">&#9;51.</span>&#9;History of allergic reaction to flu vaccination</p>
			<p class="exer-long-NL-mid"><span class="bullet _idGenCharOverride-1">&#9;52.</span>&#9;Infiltrative tuberculosis of both lungs with tuberculous pleurisy</p>
			<p class="exer-long-NL-mid"><span class="bullet _idGenCharOverride-1">&#9;53.</span>&#9;Diabetic hypoglycemic coma in a patient with type 1 diabetes</p>
			<p class="exer-long-NL-mid"><span class="bullet _idGenCharOverride-1">&#9;54.</span>&#9;Spinal stenosis of the lumbar region with neurogenic claudication</p>
			<p class="exer-long-NL-mid"><span class="bullet _idGenCharOverride-1">&#9;55.</span>&#9;Trichorionic, triamniotic triplet pregnancy, 32 weeks of gestation in the third trimester <br />(each fetus with its own placenta and amniotic sac)</p>
			<p class="exer-long-NL-mid"><span class="bullet _idGenCharOverride-1">&#9;56.</span>&#9;Accidental overdose by Ecstasy, emergency department evaluation. (The proper drug name of 3,4-Methylenedioxymethamphetamine, also known as MDMA.)</p>
			<p class="exer-long-NL-mid"><span class="bullet _idGenCharOverride-1">&#9;57.</span>&#9;Brow ptosis of both eyes</p>
			<p class="exer-long-NL-mid"><span class="bullet _idGenCharOverride-1">&#9;58.</span>&#9;Deep incisional wound infection of obstetrical wound</p>
			<p class="exer-long-NL-mid"><span class="bullet _idGenCharOverride-1">&#9;59.</span>&#9;Cerebral infarction due to occlusion of small artery (Lacunar infarction)</p>
			<p class="exer-long-NL-mid"><span class="bullet _idGenCharOverride-1">&#9;60.</span>&#9;Patient admitted for her first round of antineoplastic chemotherapy after a total abdominal hysterectomy and bilateral salpingo-oophorectomy (performed four weeks ago) for right ovarian carcinoma with known metastases to intrapelvic lymph nodes; administration of antineoplastic chemotherapy by central vein infusion.</p>
			<p class="exer-long-NL-mid"><span class="bullet _idGenCharOverride-1">&#9;61.</span>&#9;The patient is a 15-year-old male who was attacked by an unknown male with a knife while the patient was riding his bicycle home from high school on a residential street near his home. The knife created a deep gaping laceration of his left external ear that was sutured in multiple layers in the emergency department where he was brought by paramedics. The patient was also found to have acute blood loss anemia from the loss of blood from the wound.</p>
			<p class="exer-long-NL-mid"><span class="bullet _idGenCharOverride-1">&#9;62.</span>&#9;The patient is a 70-year-old female who is being seen in the Ophthalmology Clinic at the university hospital to be re-evaluated for her bilateral glaucoma. The patient has mild stage primary open-angle glaucoma in the right eye and moderate stage primary open-angle glaucoma in the left eye. The physician documents that the right eye appears to be stable but the left eye glaucoma is worsening. The physician renews the patient’s medication prescriptions and requests the patient return in three months for another examination.</p>
			<p class="exer-long-NL-mid"><span class="bullet _idGenCharOverride-1">&#9;63.</span>&#9;The patient is a 29-year-old male who is being seen in the psychiatrist office at the request of&#160;his parents because he keeps relapsing on alcohol. The patient has been in and out of different treatment centers over the past 15 years for a variety of problems related to <span id="page750" role="doc-pagebreak" epub:type="pagebreak" aria-label="page 750"></span>school, family, and work situations. The issues were behavioral problems, court-ordered anger management therapy, anxiety, and alcoholism. At this time, the patient is visibly nervous and unable to sit still in a chair during the interview. He admits to drinking daily for the past month but thinks he can stop whenever he wants to. The patient has no evidence of psychosis and denies being depressed, but the patient is in denial about the extent of his drinking problems. The patient agrees to be hospitalized in the alcohol treatment unit at the local hospital and will be transported to the unit by a counselor from the physician’s office. The physician lists the diagnoses of alcohol dependence, generalized anxiety disorder, and Asperger’s syndrome.</p>
			<p class="exer-long-NL-mid"><span class="bullet _idGenCharOverride-1">&#9;64.</span>&#9;The patient is a 74-year-old female who claims she “bumped” her right ankle on her husband’s wheelchair two months ago and suffered a tear of her skin that over time seemed to deepen and did not heal. The patient is seen in the outpatient Wound Clinic today to evaluate the wound on her near her right ankle. The area is ulcerated and measures 0.8 cm × 0.5 cm × 0.1 cm with the base of the ulceration being 50 percent granulated tissue and 50 percent slough. The patient was seen last month and underwent a nonexcisional debridement, but the ulcer today does not look much better. The patient agreed to schedule an excision debridement that will be performed in the outpatient surgery department three days after this visit. In addition, because of no improvement in the ulceration that is limited to skin breakdown only, the physician ordered laboratory tests as part of a workup for underlying conditions. The wound was treated with collagen and covered with gauze and Medifix tape. The final diagnosis for the patient’s visit is nonpressure ulcer, lower limb, right ankle.</p>
			<p class="exer-long-NL-mid"><span class="bullet CharOverride-2">&#9;65.</span>&#9;The parent of a 10-year-old male child brought him to the <span class="CharOverride-4">emergency department (ED)</span> of the hospital after they were unable to stop a nosebleed that occurred at home. The parent gives a history of the child having frequent nose bleeds at home and at school. The child has had his nose cauterized in the ED on two occasions. The parent has a nose clamp at home that they apply when a nose bleed starts and that frequently stops the bleeding. On this occasion, the bleeding would not stop. However, by the time the parent and child arrived at the ED, the bleeding had stopped, and there was no need on this visit to perform any cauterization. Upon examination, the ED physician noted the patient had bilateral acute otitis media. The mother stated the child had recovered from a mild upper respiratory infection last week but was not complaining about his ears. The child agreed with these statements. The ED physician recommended the mother to use saline nasal spray as directed for moisturization and to continue to use the humidifier in the child’s bedroom at night. The ED physician did not prescribe medications for the child’s ear infections as the mother agreed to take the child to his pediatrician the next day. The final diagnoses for this visit were (1) epistaxis and (2) bilateral acute otitis media.</p>
			<p class="exer-long-NL-mid"><span class="bullet _idGenCharOverride-1">&#9;66.</span>&#9;The patient is a 40-year-old male seen in his primary care physician’s office prior to nasal surgery. The patient is scheduled for inferior turbinate reduction in one week. He has sinus congestion and uses Afrin once a week. His active problems are allergic rhinitis, epistaxis, hypertrophy of nasal turbinates, and hypertension. He is a former smoker and is currently employed full time. Other than his sinus congestion, his physical examination is normal. Based on preoperative laboratory results, the patient is also diagnosed with elevated serum cholesterol. The final diagnoses included on the preoperative H&amp;P submitted for the nasal surgery are allergic rhinitis, hypertrophy of nasal turbinate, epistaxis, elevated serum cholesterol, hypertension, and history of nicotine dependence.</p>
			<p class="exer-long-NL-mid"><span class="bullet _idGenCharOverride-1">&#9;67.</span>&#9;The patient is a 25-year-old male presenting to the occupational therapy services for continued therapy. The medical diagnosis provided by the patient’s physician for therapy is multiple right forearm and wrist lacerations involving tendons. The treatment objective was to aid in the recovery of the right upper extremity lacerations and muscle weakness involving the tendons of <span id="page751" role="doc-pagebreak" epub:type="pagebreak" aria-label="page 751"></span>the forearm and wrist. The patient had decreased range of motion of his fingers. The patient’s grip is decreased. After the series of treatment, the patient’s sensation is improving in all his fingers. The patient will return for continued skilled OT to increase range of other and strength to increase functional use of his right hand. The patient’s rehabilitation potential is good. The facility’s coding guidelines state to code the medical diagnosis and the treatment objective for all occupational therapy visits.</p>
			<p class="exer-long-NL-mid"><span class="bullet _idGenCharOverride-1">&#9;68.</span>&#9;The patient is a 65-year-old male who is seen today for a CT of the abdomen and pelvis without contrast. The diagnosis provided on the order for the CT exam is right low back pain and microscopic hematuria. The impression written by the radiologist on the CT report is nonobstructive right renal calculi and enlarged prostate gland. A third impression was a cyst in the right hepatic lobe that was not present in the last exam in 2009, and the type of cyst is undetermined, and the radiologist recommended further evaluation with a dedicated liver ultrasound or liver CT. The facility’s coding guideline is to code both the diagnosis provided on the order for an imaging examination as well as the impression written by the radiologist.</p>
			<p class="exer-long-NL-mid"><span class="bullet _idGenCharOverride-1">&#9;69.</span>&#9;A 59-year-old male came to the emergency department (ED) complaining of a “funny feeling” in his left upper chest. He claimed it was not painful, just a sensation he had not experienced before. He first felt it this morning and thought perhaps he had slept in an unusual position overnight. But today, after he changed a tire on a car, he thought the feeling intensified, and his wife insisted he come to the ED. The patient is under treatment for hypertension that appeared to be controlled with his current medications. He had a family history of ischemic heart disease with his parents having heart attacks. The ED physician went forward with a workup to rule out acute coronary syndrome, aortic dissection, pulmonary embolism with EKG, chest x-ray, and standard labs. After all the tests were completed, the physician met with the patient to review the findings. The EKG showed some minor abnormalities, but there was no clear evidence of ischemia. The chest x-ray was normal. The only abnormality found in the lab work was mild hypokalemia. Given the patient’s pain had been present since morning, an elevation in troponin would have been expected by now if the patient had acute coronary syndrome. The patient agreed to be discharged home and agreed to return to the ED if the pain worsened and agreed to make an appointment with a primary care physician within the next three days. The patient did not have a physician but was given a referral to a local medical group. The ED physician documented the following as final diagnoses: Musculoskeletal chest pain; abnormal EKG; hypokalemia; and hypertension.</p>
			<p class="exer-long-NL-mid"><span class="bullet _idGenCharOverride-1">&#9;70.</span>&#9;The patient is a 50-year-old female with postmenopausal bleeding. The physician was previously unable to perform an endometrial biopsy in the office secondary to cervical stenosis. Today, the patient was taken to the operating room for an examination under anesthesia and cervical dilation. Despite 25 minutes of attempts of dilating the cervix through the vagina, the physician states that she was unable to locate the axis of the endocervical canal despite the usage of lacrimal duct probes, pediatric dilators, and normal dilators. The physician documented she was unable to ascertain the correct axis of the patient’s anatomy; therefore, any additional procedures were deferred until the physician was able to talk to the patient in the office about additional options. The postoperative diagnosis is postmenopausal bleeding and cervical stenosis. The procedure was attempted cervical dilation, failed.</p>
			<p class="exer-long-NL-mid"><span class="bullet _idGenCharOverride-1">&#9;71.</span>&#9;Operative report</p>
			<p class="exer-long-NL-mid-text ParaOverride-2"><span class="color CharOverride-4">Pre- and Post-Operative Diagnosis: Symptomatic sick sinus syndrome</span></p>
			<p class="exer-long-NL-mid-text ParaOverride-2"><span class="color CharOverride-4">Procedure performed: Dual-chamber Medtronic pacemaker placement with active atrial and active ventricular leads using intraoperative fluoroscopy.</span></p>
			<span id="page752" role="doc-pagebreak" epub:type="pagebreak" aria-label="page 752"></span>
			<p class="exer-long-NL-mid-text ParaOverride-2"><span class="color CharOverride-4">History: The patient is a 69-year-old female with sick sinus syndrome admitted to the hospital with symptoms of shortness of breath and lightheadedness. Due to her multiple episodes of significant bradycardia while being treated due to her symptoms, we recommended and the patient agreed to the placement of a dual chamber pacemaker.</span></p>
			<p class="exer-long-NL-mid ParaOverride-3"><span class="bullet _idGenCharOverride-1">&#9;</span>&#9;Procedure in detail: The patient was brought to the operating room, placed in supine position, and general anesthesia was administered without complication. The neck and chest were prepped and draped in sterile fashion. Approximately 20 mL of 1<span class="CharOverride-4"> percent</span> lidocaine was used to infiltrate the skin in the left upper outer quadrant of the chest. A 4-cm incision was then carried out. The skin incision was carried from the skin down through the subcutaneous tissue to the pectoralis fascia. A 6 cm × 6 cm subfascial pocket was then created in preparation for placement of pacemaker generator. Access to the left subclavian vein was achieved via Seldinger technique under direct fluoroscopy guidance. Subsequently, the sheath was placed over the wire and directed into the left subclavian vein. An active Medtronic ventricular pacemaker lead model #9999 with serial number BBL123455 was placed over the peel-away sheath and directed into the right ventricular appendage. The lead was then deployed into position. Testing of the ventricular lead revealed threshold voltage of 0.7 V and impedance of 752 ohms and R wave of 19 mV. The lead was then secured at two positions to the pectoralis fascia. Similarly, an active right atrial lead, model #8888 and serial number AAL456788, was placed over the peel-away sheath and directed into the right atrial appendage. The atrial lead was then deployed into position. Testing of the atrial lead revealed a threshold voltage of 1.0 V with impedance of 702 ohms and a P wave of 4.8 mV. It was then secured at two positions to the pectoralis fascia. Hemostasis was achieved. The leads were then connected to a Medtronic pacemaker, model #2222, serial number 987665. It was then placed into the subfascial pocket and secured one position to the pectoralis fascia. Hemostasis was achieved, and copious irrigation using antibiotic saline was then carried out. The leads were then tested at 10 mV revealing no evidence of diaphragmatic involvement. Postplacement fluoroscopy revealed no evidence of hemo- or pneumothorax. The incision was then reapproximated in three-layer fashion using absorbable suture for the deep fascia, subcutaneous and subcuticular. Dermabond was applied. The patient tolerated the procedure well. All sponges and needles were accounted for.</p>
			<p class="exer-long-NL-mid"><span class="bullet CharOverride-2">&#9;72.</span>&#9;The patient is a 58-year-old male with a history of ulcerative colitis in remission who is two weeks status post total colectomy with ileostomy in place. The patient has had two episodes of bleeding from the ileostomy sites that were treated in the <span class="CharOverride-4">emergency department</span> (ED). On this date, the hemorrhage is more active than the previous occasions, the site was inspected in the ED and pressure was applied, and the patient was placed in the observation unit at the hospital. The ileostomy was inspected the next morning, and there was no bleeding. Laboratory tests identified the presence of acute on chronic anemia from acute blood loss secondary to the bleeding ileostomy, and the patient’s glucose is elevated at 350 mg/dL. The patient’s creatinine is also elevated at 1.45 and BUN at 35. The patient is also known to have type 2 insulin dependent diabetes with nephropathy, coronary artery disease, and hypertension. The patient is discharged home to resume her regular medications and will report to the primary care physician’s office in three days. The final diagnoses are (1) hemorrhage complicating the existing ileostomy, (2) acute on chronic blood loss anemia, (3) diabetic nephropathy, (4)&#160;coronary artery disease, (5) hypertension, and (6) status postcolectomy with absence of large intestine.</p>
			<p class="exer-long-NL-mid"><span class="bullet _idGenCharOverride-1">&#9;73.</span>&#9;The patient is seen in the outpatient radiology department to have an MRI of the brain without contrast. The clinical indications for the test are simple partial seizure and right lower extremity muscle weakness. Findings of the exam show two masses in the left frontal lobe of the brain and in the left cerebellar hemisphere. There is no evidence of an acute infarct or stroke and no shift of the midline structures or hydrocephalus. The radiologist’s conclusion is documented as space-occupying tumors in the left frontal lobe and left cerebellar hemisphere that are evidence of intracranial metastatic disease in a patient with no known primary malignant neoplasm. <span id="page753" role="doc-pagebreak" epub:type="pagebreak" aria-label="page 753"></span>The radiologist recommends further radiological evaluation with contrast. The facility’s coding guideline is to code both the diagnosis provided on the order for an imaging examination as well as the impression written by the radiologist.</p>
			<p class="exer-long-NL-mid"><span class="bullet _idGenCharOverride-1">&#9;74.</span>&#9;Operative Report</p>
			<p class="exer-long-NL-mid-text ParaOverride-2"><span class="color CharOverride-4">Pre- and Post-operative diagnosis: Left proximal humerus, glenohumeral joint dislocation</span></p>
			<p class="exer-long-NL-mid-text ParaOverride-2"><span class="color CharOverride-4">Procedure performed: Closed reduction, left proximal humerus, glenohumeral joint dislocation under general anesthesia</span></p>
			<p class="exer-long-NL-mid-text ParaOverride-2"><span class="color CharOverride-4">Indications: The patient is a 60-year-old female who sustained this injury to her shoulder and had two attempts at reduction in the emergency department (ED) per the ED physician which were unsuccessful. The ED physician felt that the shoulder kept coming out of every time he put it in. The patient was therefore brought to the operating room for closed reduction, possible open reduction, and internal fixation.</span></p>
			<p class="exer-long-NL-mid-text ParaOverride-2"><span class="color CharOverride-4">Description of procedure: After appropriate consent was obtained, the patient was administered mask anesthesia. When the patient was sufficiently relaxed, gentle traction counter traction on the arm with internal rotation allowed for a closed reduction of the glenohumeral joint. An open reduction of the joint was not necessary. There was a stable reduction confirmed with intraoperative AP and lateral fluoroscopic x-rays. Passive internal and external rotation of the shoulder maintained the glenohumeral reduction. She was placed in a sling and swathe. She was awakened from the anesthetic and brought to recovery room in stable condition. There were no complications.</span></p>
			<p class="exer-long-NL-mid"><span class="bullet CharOverride-2">&#9;75.</span>&#9;The patient is a 62-year-old female who was given a same-day appointment in the ophthalmologist office. This morning she had abrupt decreased vision with blurring of what little vision she had in her left eye. She denies flashes, floaters, or other eye complaints prior to today. She has a history of bilateral cataract extractions over the past two years, and she has a family history of retinal detachment. After a thorough eye exam, the physician concluded the patient had a rhegmatogenous retinal detachment with a retinal break that is suspected to be a giant break. The patient is scheduled for urgent pars plana vitrectomy, endolaser, and air-fluid exchange tomorrow.</p>
		</div>
	</body>
</html>
