<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">

<head>
    <title>Title Page</title>
    <link href="../css/idGeneratedStyles_0.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />
    <link href="../css/idGeneratedStyles_1.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />
</head>

<body>
    <div class="Basic-Text-Frame">
        <span epub:type="pagebreak" role="doc-pagebreak" id="pagexxvi" aria-label="page xxvi"></span>
        <h2 class="FMH">Acknowledgments</h2>
        <p class="TOC_FM ParaOverride-13">This book on basic ICD-10-CM/PCS coding is built on the foundation of the
            Basic ICD-9-CM Coding textbook. Lou Ann Schraffenberger has written this text since 1999. The first
            Basic ICD-9-CM Coding textbook published in 1993. It was written by Toula Nicholas, RHIT, CCS, and Linda
            Ertl Bank, RHIA, CCS, and based on earlier ICD-9-CM instructional material authored by the late Rita M.
            Finnegan, MA, RHIA. Chapter 2 on ICD-10-PCS procedure coding was expanded by Therese M. Jorwic, MPH, RHIA,
            CCS, CCS-P, FAHIMA. Her expertise in ICD-10-PCS and authorship is acknowledged and appreciated. For an
            in-depth review of ICD-10-PCS principles and application of procedure coding rules, the reader is encouraged
            to examine ICD-10-PCS: An Applied Approach written by Lynn Kuehn, MS, RHIA, CCS-P, FAHIMA, and Therese M.
            Jorwic, MPH, RHIA, CCS, CCS-P, FAHIMA, published by AHIMA (AC201122). This is a comprehensive text for
            learning and mastering the procedure coding system, ICD-10-PCS. Coding practice exercises, case study
            coding, and a self-test are provided to reinforce the information in the text.</p>
            <br />
            <hr />
            <br />
        <p class="footnote ParaOverride-15"><span class="CharOverride-12">AHIMA Press and the authors would like to
                thank Sheila Baker, MBA, RHIA, and Cari Greenwood, RHIA, CCS, CICA, CPC for their technical review and
                valuable feedback of this <br /></span><span class="CharOverride-12">edition of this textbook. AHIMA
                Press would also like to acknowledge Jason Isley for provid</span><span class="CharOverride-12">ing
                medical illustrations.</span></p>

    </div>
</body>

</html>