<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">

<head>
    <title>Title Page</title>
    <link href="../css/idGeneratedStyles_0.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />
    <link href="../css/idGeneratedStyles_1.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />
</head>

<body>
    <div class="Basic-Text-Frame">
        <span epub:type="pagebreak" role="doc-pagebreak" id="pagexxv" aria-label="page xxv"></span>
        <h2 class="FMH">About the Authors</h2>
        <p class="TOC_FM ParaOverride-13"><span class="CharOverride-11">Brooke Palkie, EdD, CPHIMS, RHIA, FAHIMA,</span>
            is the Chair of the Health Science and Technology Department at Charter Oak State College and the Program
            Director of the M.S. Health Informatics and M.S. Health Care Administration Programs. She is an
            ICD-10-CM/PCS <br />AHIMA-approved trainer and has been involved with several ICD-10 educational training
            programs and grant-funded projects. Dr. Palkie has a teaching focus in Clinical Classifications and Data
            Standards, Health Informatics, Assessing Healthcare Quality, and Corporate Compliance. Prior to her higher
            education career, she worked in health leadership roles and as a quality and compliance director for the
            State of MN. She is a frequent presenter and has authored several articles, white papers, chapters and
            textbooks. She has also served in several capacities at the state and regional levels of the American Health
            Information Management Association (AHIMA) and Healthcare Information and Management Systems Society
            (HIMSS).</p>
        <p class="TOC_FM _idGenParaOverride-1"><span class="CharOverride-11">Stacey Walraven, RHIA, CDIP, CCS, CPC, COC,
                CHTS-TR,</span> is an associate in the Health Science &amp; Technology department at Charter Oak State
            College. She has spent nearly two decades in the health information field with a heavy focus on medical
            coding. Ms. Walraven is an AHIMA-approved ICD-10-CM and ICD-10-PCS trainer. She also serves as a higher
            education peer reviewer for Quality Matters.</p>

    </div>
</body>

</html>