<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">

<head>
    <title>Title Page</title>
    <link href="../css/idGeneratedStyles_0.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />
    <link href="../css/idGeneratedStyles_1.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />
</head>

<body>
    <div class="Basic-Text-Frame">
        <span epub:type="pagebreak" role="doc-pagebreak" id="pageii" aria-label="page ii"></span>
        <p class="CP1"><span class="CharOverride-1">CPT</span><span class="CharOverride-1">®</span><span
                class="CharOverride-1"> five-digit codes, nomenclature, and other data are the property of the American
                Medical Association. Copyright ©2023 by the American Medical Association. All rights reserved. No fee
                schedules, basic units, relative values, or related listings are included in CPT.</span></p>
        <br />
        <div class="_idGenObjectLayout-1">
            <div class="Basic-Text-Frame _idGenObjectStyleOverride-1" style="padding:0px 15px 15px 15px">
                <p class="CP1 ParaOverride-2"><span class="CharOverride-1">This workbook must be used with the current
                        edition of Current Procedural Terminology (code changes effective January 1, 2024), published by
                        the American Medical Association (AMA). Any five-digit numeric CPT codes, service descriptions,
                        instructions, and/or guidelines are copyright 2024 (or such other date of publication of CPT as
                        defined in the federal copyright laws) by the AMA. The AMA assumes no liability for the data
                        contained herein.</span></p>
                <p class="CP1 ParaOverride-3"><span class="CharOverride-1">CPT is a listing of descriptive terms and
                        five-digit numeric identifying codes and modifiers for reporting medical services performed by
                        physicians. This presentation includes only CPT descriptive terms, numeric identifying codes,
                        and modifiers for reporting medical services and procedures that were selected by the American
                        Health Information Management Association (AHIMA) for inclusion in this publication.</span></p>
                <p class="CP1 ParaOverride-4"><span class="CharOverride-1">AHIMA has selected certain CPT codes and
                        service/procedure descriptions and assigned them to various specialty groups. The listing of a
                        CPT service/procedure description and its code number in this publication does not restrict its
                        use to a particular specialty group. Any procedure/service in this publication may be used to
                        designate the services rendered by any qualified physician.</span></p>
            </div>
        </div>
        <p class="CP1"><span class="CharOverride-1">Copyright ©2024 by the American Health Information Management
                Association. All rights reserved. Except as permitted under the Copyright Act of 1976, no part of this
                publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted, in any form or by any
                means, electronic, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the prior written permission of AHIMA,
                233 North Michigan Avenue, 21st Floor, Chicago, Illinois, 60601-5809
                (<a href="https://www.ahima.org/education-events/academic-center/resource-pages/reprint-permissions/">https://www.ahima.org/education-events/academic-center/resource-pages/reprint-permissions/</a>).</span></p>
        <p class="CP-6-5 ParaOverride-5"><span class="CharOverride-1">ISBN: </span><span
                class="CharOverride-2">978-1-58426-938-0 </span></p>
        <p class="CP-6-5 ParaOverride-6"><span class="CharOverride-1">eISBN: </span><span
                class="CharOverride-2">978-1-58426-939-7</span></p>
        <p class="CP-6-5 ParaOverride-6"><span class="CharOverride-1">AHIMA Product No.: AC200523</span></p>
        <p class="CP-6-5 ParaOverride-5"><span class="CharOverride-1">AHIMA Staff:</span></p>
        <p class="CP ParaOverride-7"><span class="CharOverride-1">Chelsea Brotherton, MA, Production Development
                Editor</span></p>
        <p class="CP ParaOverride-7"><span class="CharOverride-1">Sarah Cybulski, MA, Assistant Editor</span></p>
        <p class="CP ParaOverride-7"><span class="CharOverride-1">Megan Grennan, Director, Content Production and AHIMA
                Press</span></p>
        <p class="CP ParaOverride-7"><span class="CharOverride-1">James Pinnick, Vice President, Content and Learning
                Solutions</span></p>
        <p class="CP ParaOverride-7"><span class="CharOverride-1">Christine Scheid, Content Development Manager </span>
        </p>
        <p class="CP ParaOverride-7"><span class="CharOverride-1">Rachel Schratz, MA, Associate Digital Content
                Developer</span></p>
        <p class="CP ParaOverride-5"><span class="CharOverride-1">Cover image: © iStock BGblue</span></p>
        <p class="CP-10 ParaOverride-8"><span class="CharOverride-1">Limit of Liability/Disclaimer of Warranty: This
                book is sold, as is, without warranty of any kind, either express or implied. While every precaution has
                been taken in the preparation of this book, the publisher and author assume no responsibility for errors
                or omissions. Neither is any liability assumed for damages resulting from the use of the information or
                instructions contained herein. It is further stated that the publisher and author are not responsible
                for any damage or loss to your data or your equipment that results directly or indirectly from your use
                of this book.</span></p>
        <p class="CP-5 ParaOverride-9"><span class="CharOverride-1">The websites listed in this book were current and
                valid as of the date of publication. However, webpage addresses and the information on them may change
                at any time. Users are encouraged to perform their own general web searches to locate any site addresses
                listed here that are no longer valid.</span></p>
        <p class="CP-5 ParaOverride-9"><span class="CharOverride-1">All copyrights and trademarks mentioned in this book
                are the possession of their respective owners. AHIMA makes no claim of ownership by mentioning products
                that contain such marks.</span></p>
        <p class="CP-5 ParaOverride-10"><span class="CharOverride-1">For more information, including updates, about
                AHIMA Press publications, visit
              <a href="https://www.ahima.org/education-events/education-by-product/books/"> https://www.ahima.org/education-events/education-by-product/books/</a> .</span></p>
        <p class="CP-center"><span class="CharOverride-3">American Health Information Management Association</span></p>
        <p class="CP-center"><span class="CharOverride-3">233 North Michigan Avenue, 21st Floor</span></p>
        <p class="CP-center"><span class="CharOverride-3">Chicago, Illinois 60601-5809</span></p>
        <p class="CP-center _idGenParaOverride-1"><span class="CharOverride-3">ahima.org</span></p>
    </div>
</body>

</html>