<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en" xml:lang="en">

<head>
    <title>Title Page</title>
    <link href="../css/idGeneratedStyles_0.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />
    <link href="../css/idGeneratedStyles_1.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />
</head>

<body>
    <div class="Basic-Text-Frame">
        <span epub:type="pagebreak" role="doc-pagebreak" id="pagexxix" aria-label="page xxix"></span>
        <h2 class="FMH ParaOverride-18">Online Resources</h2>
			<h3 class="B">For Students</h3>
			<p class="TOC_FM ParaOverride-6">The resources listed below are available for students to help enhance their study and practice. Visit the AHIMA Learning Center at <a href="https://my.ahima.org/learningcenter">https://my.ahima.org/learningcenter</a> and register your unique student access code that is provided behind the front cover of this text to download the following files:</p>
			<p class="TXT ParaOverride-19"><span class="CharOverride-1">Appendix A&#9;Glossary of Coding Terms</span></p>
			<p class="TXT ParaOverride-20"><span class="CharOverride-1">Appendix B&#9;Case Studies</span></p>
			<p class="TXT ParaOverride-20"><span class="CharOverride-1">Appendix C&#9;Answers to Odd-Numbered Check Your Understanding Questions</span></p>
			<p class="TXT ParaOverride-20"><span class="CharOverride-1">Appendix D&#9;Answers to Odd-Numbered Review Exercises</span></p>
			<p class="TXT ParaOverride-20"><span class="CharOverride-1">Appendix E&#9;Coding Self-Test Answer Key</span></p>
			<p class="TXT ParaOverride-20"><span class="CharOverride-1">Appendix F&#9;ICD-10-CM Official Guidelines for Coding and Reporting FY 2024</span></p>
			<p class="TXT ParaOverride-20"><span class="CharOverride-1">Appendix G&#9;ICD-10-PCS Official Guidelines for Coding and Reporting FY 2024</span></p>
			<p class="TXT ParaOverride-20"><span class="CharOverride-1">Appendix H&#9;Microorganisms</span></p>
			<p class="TXT ParaOverride-20"><span class="CharOverride-1">Appendix I&#9;Commonly Used Drugs</span></p>
			<p class="TXT ParaOverride-20"><span class="CharOverride-1">Appendix J&#9;Morphology Terminology</span></p>
			<h3 class="B">For Instructors</h3>
			<p class="TXT"><span class="CharOverride-1">AHIMA provides supplementary resources to educators who use this text in their courses. In addition to the appendices listed above, the instructor resources include the following:</span></p>
			<p class="TXT ParaOverride-21"><span class="CharOverride-1">•&#9;</span><span class="CharOverride-2">Instructor’s manual.</span><span class="CharOverride-1"> Each chapter of the instructor’s manual includes lesson plans, discussion questions, review quizzes with answer key, and a test bank with answer key.</span></p>
			<p class="TXT ParaOverride-22"><span class="CharOverride-1">•&#9;</span><span class="CharOverride-2">Microsoft PowerPoint presentations.</span><span class="CharOverride-1"> Provided to enhanced course lectures. These slide presentations cover the key topics presented in each chapter. </span></p>
			<p class="TXT ParaOverride-22"><span class="CharOverride-1">•&#9;</span><span class="CharOverride-2">Check Your Understanding answer key.</span><span class="CharOverride-1"> Each chapter of the text includes discussion questions on the chapter topics to help students recall and focus on the important points within each chapter. </span></p>
			<p class="TXT ParaOverride-23"><span class="CharOverride-1">•&#9;</span><span class="CharOverride-2">Review questions answer key.</span><span class="CharOverride-1"> Each chapter ends with review questions on the chapter topics to help students recall and focus on the important points within each chapter.</span></p>
			<p class="TXT"><span class="CharOverride-1">Instructor materials for this book are provided only to approved educators. Please visit <a href="https://www.ahima.org/education-events/education-by-product/books/">https://www.ahima.org/education-events/education-by-product/books/</a> for further instruction. If you have any questions regarding the instructor materials, please contact AHIMA Customer Relations at (800) 335-5535, or submit a customer support request at <a href="https://my.ahima.org/">https://my.ahima.org/</a><br />messages.</span></p>
    </div>
</body>

</html>